README.md, before:

<p align = "center">
  <img src="/assets/eep.png" width = "1000" />
</p>

----

### Current Projects
 - Currently experimenting with **Machine Learning** and **HTML**
     - [Check it out here!](https://github.com/Johang727/TECSRCalc)
     - Busy with homework and other misc. things, so updates will not be as frequent. 
 - Expect to see updates to my Kattis Problem repo every week.
     - [Check that out here.](https://github.com/Johang727/ProgrammingTeam)
 - More to come soon!

### Software Setup
 - ElementaryOS + Visual Studio Code
    - Messed too much with the Linux Terminal to back out now.

----

### Games
 - Favorites:
    - **Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky**
        - Current Favorite Hack: [**Lonely Roads**](https://hacks.skytemple.org/h/lonely_roads) by **lr_okami**
    - **Tetris Effect: Connected**
    - **Persona 3 Reload**
 - Currently Playing:
    - **Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Red Rescue Team**
    - **Persona 3 Portable FeMC**
----

### Commit Breakdown:
<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
**I'm an Early 🐤** 

```text
🌞 Morning                217 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   14.38 % 
🌆 Daytime                553 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   36.65 % 
🌃 Evening                424 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   28.10 % 
🌙 Night                  315 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   20.87 % 
```
📅 **I'm Most Productive on Tuesday** 

```text
Monday                   223 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   14.78 % 
Tuesday                  276 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   18.29 % 
Wednesday                262 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   17.36 % 
Thursday                 240 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   15.90 % 
Friday                   184 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   12.19 % 
Saturday                 143 commits         ⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   09.48 % 
Sunday                   181 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   11.99 % 
```



<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

----

too eepy -w-

Commit message:

Revise project details and software setup in README
Updated project status and software setup information.

just gonna use ai gen message since too lazy :3

README.md, after:

<p align = "center">
  <img src="/assets/eep.png" width = "1000" />
</p>

----

### Current Projects
 - Currently experimenting with **Machine Learning** and **HTML**
     - [Check it out here!](https://github.com/Johang727/TECSRCalc)
     - Busy with homework and other misc. things, so updates will not be as frequent.
     - Project is mostly complete, just a fow QoL features remain.
 - Expect to see updates to my Kattis Problem repo at least every month.
     - [Check that out here.](https://github.com/Johang727/ProgrammingTeam)
 - More to come soon!

### Software Setup
 - CatchyOS
    - Unfortunately, I can officially say I use Arch...

----

### Games
 - Favorites:
    - **Pokémon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Sky**
        - Current Favorite Hack: [**Lonely Roads**](https://hacks.skytemple.org/h/lonely_roads) by **lr_okami**
    - **Tetris Effect: Connected**
    - **Persona 3 Reload**
----

### Commit Breakdown:
<!--START_SECTION:waka-->
**I'm an Early 🐤** 

```text
🌞 Morning                217 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   14.38 % 
🌆 Daytime                553 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   36.65 % 
🌃 Evening                424 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   28.10 % 
🌙 Night                  315 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   20.87 % 
```
📅 **I'm Most Productive on Tuesday** 

```text
Monday                   223 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   14.78 % 
Tuesday                  276 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   18.29 % 
Wednesday                262 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   17.36 % 
Thursday                 240 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   15.90 % 
Friday                   184 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   12.19 % 
Saturday                 143 commits         ⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   09.48 % 
Sunday                   181 commits         ⣿⣿⣿⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀   11.99 % 
```



<!--END_SECTION:waka-->

----

too eepy -w-
